The time has come
For me, that I may rent my idols, an excellent sage
On the planet
Eyder, Io game "What do you prefer?"
That's right, we'll make a second ring of it
My own freedom
Not because some other YouTube users made videos about them
I look like "Yeah, they've got very good views that we can make other videos about," but you should thank me
Okay?
Moral without any doubt is excellent
Well, we support playing this stupid game
Do you prefer to become a superhero or super villain, for honesty
There is nothing wonderful about being evil, there are many of them, always being fair
I think this is a Foursquare problem these days, it's just the villain he's pale, back to the past you know Joker, between
I know what they know?
Sergeant the bird man
Sgt
The crazy bird
The Tortoise Man
The deadly cat
No, I'll become a supernatural, easy-going man
Oh, please
Leave your comments and comments in the comment box
What do you prefer to be able to fly or breathe underwater?
What do you think? I like his fish for you, if I could fly, that means no effort, okay
At least that's how I'll look and I'll fly, if flying means I'm going to do this all the time I do not
I do not want to fly, well, I'll have to breathe underwater
I will take the option where I do not make any effort but if the flight means I will just say "Hey I want to go there, with a pinch"
I'll take it, thanks, easy
Can you come up with other questions? its very easy!!
Do you prefer you can not flatter or "written you can not grumble"
This is the easiest one I've heard
Why would I want to thank someone? I'm trying to think, what I can thank
*Think*
This ... is supposed to be something shin? , I do not know, or what you can complain, I expect the option is very clear
What?
who are you? Bazarin Jawafin? 77% do not want to complain?
who are you? Gay? Do not want to thank anyone? Guys, you can not complain about this, you little fucking, what do you think?
Will you complain? You can not
Curse
What you can not have sex again or you can not learn anything new
Again the option is clear
This is not considered sex ?? I changed my mind, changed my mind !!
Woe to you. What do you prefer to visit two people or people?
People mole, what a mortal humans are in hell
Is this basically a question?
Laughs
Good. That's like asking someone
Hi
Do you prefer to meet the president or this homeless man (meaning that the answers to the game are predictable and ridiculous)
People live on our land and our land instead of two streams who can lend us
Sophisticated technology that can save mankind, no thanks I will choose humans mole
do you prefer?? Be part of a real Jurassic
Do you prefer to be part of a real Jurassic garden or be a part of the day that follows tomorrow (famous series)
The Jurassic Garden, it's like you would rather feel cold for two hours or be eaten by a dinosaur
I'm Bakhtar Dinosaur, do you prefer? Your eyes are glued with very strong glue or
To pour hot gum on your lap
To pour hot gum on my lap, I've already done it twice, it's really an enjoyable sex experience
I did it once by mistake, promise it you like "huh, this was very good", would you prefer to live in a homeless shelter
With the Internet
Well, or live in a great house but without any way to communicate with the outside, well you did not say I can not get the Internet
Well, you just said external contact, how to have such a wonderful home ??
What? Does he have a bowling alley? Does he own a helicopter?
He has a lot of problems I will choose homeless shelter
I expect that two percent of you are a bunch of freaks
Congratulations !! Do you want to live without my videos? This is what you are trying to say to me ?? After him ... I choose to kill someone? Yeah
Wait maybe you should read the whole shea. No one? Yeah
or
Or do not kill anyone but everyone thinks you were killed. You will kill someone. What are you stupid?
I thought about this before, okay? People say, "I'm going to kill me" but I'm like
No, I think everyone will kill one. I think it's in our blood, okay? I think that if
If you give the right circumstances, you kill someone, okay? If there is a button in front of you, he said: "Well,
If you do not kill this guy, all the people in the world will die, "okay?
You will kill him. Anybody will be killed with the right circumstances, okay?
That's why you do not want me to do this. "I'm not killing a limit"
Well, will do will do
I was killing you because you have a stupid mind after which you choose to fight the whole village of Alsnavr
Or fight a whole set of cotton bears (cardboard in America) What is care bears? My God! Yeah
I am not the one who fought them
I will conquer the others whom I see, and then I will put them on the ground
I will take off my pants and I will be briefed
Do you choose to win the Oscar or win the Nobel Prize?
Here's what the question actually says: Do you choose
People look up at you and praise you and love you
or
Do you really want to help the help community? Do you really want to do something good for mankind? But most people probably
Never mind hahaha
You must have to wear a full-bodied red leotard on your wedding day but that's what I'm planning to wear
Thank you very well What is the red leotard? Yes, can you imagine this? This sounds exciting
Or the person you will win
Lopez Lopez Lautar Red Well Marcia In A Sexy Red Leotard Or Am I In A Sexy Red Leotard?
Marzia, I'm going to get a privilege to look sexy in our wedding, okay?
Do you prefer to be your best friend with Harry Potter or to be your best friend with Katnesses Everdine? Who is Katnis Iverdine?
My God! I do not want to be a friend of any of those I hate before I become a pet (I do not know how to translate cool)
Okay? By the rest of the time beloved
I saw through her obnoxious miles away. Her giant ego I see I am modest
I'm a bit drunk now men. I might say something completely crazy!
I am Jennifer Lawrence
Please, everyone, love me. Look how beautiful I am. Look how humble I am "
Would you rather take a hot shower sizzling or take a frosted icy shower?
Well, I do not want permanent
It will do harm to my body
This will glacier because I am a Swedish Viking man and I am not born afraid ah !! It is very cold
Uh !! The inside of my body is normal
It's called masculinity. . More than the bothers of Batinin countries. What about this?
Congratulations Do you prefer to flop your hand at every door
Or drop each flight of stairs? I prefer to die what about this? Most likely to kill me? The stairs
I'll chose this thank you, well I guess, I guess
515,000 are a group of retarded
Damn it. So you do not pay attention to the moral? You choose the error
You need help, you need guidance in your life
Stop making bad choices. Bad choices kill people, would you prefer to have your hair styled and make-up every day?
Or do you have a fashion designer to choose a new outfit every day? I do not like people to laugh at me.
We were very curious about the work of the feary biodebay.We had - it was very nice
But her job was to dress me up, and I was not allowed to wear my clothes
And this just made me fanatic because I was like, "Oh, you do not want any form of originality"
In this exhibition? You just want me to look like I'm a product and you guys are building it?
I do not know why it bothers me so much, however
Hair - hair and makeup. I do not want. Well, I guess
60% of people to bother and wrong, okay? Do you prefer to wear crocs always? Or wear a drink and sandals?
Can I choose the two? I love Crocs, okay?
Are you wearing crocs? Everyone hates Crocs like it's a shame, like you can not think for yourself. "Your crocs are so ugly
Because this shame
Which you saw on the Internet said
It's very convenient, they say exactly the same with sandals and socks, okay?
"Oh, I know them, you do not want to wear sandals and socks." (Bla bla bla)
I wear sandals and socks. They're very comfortable. You can not stop me, okay?
"Oh, you do not want to do it because someone said you can not do it (aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa)
Oh God, this makes me angry
You do not want to think about this
You do not deserve a fancy. You do not deserve my ethics. Woe to you on this video with pleasure
Thank you so much. Let me know if you like the crocs and leave the ice if you like sandals. This was your friend, pewdiepie